examples/README.md, before:

# Zenoh Python examples

## Start instructions

   ```bash
   python3 <example.py>
   ```

Each example accepts the `-h` or `--help` option that provides a description of its arguments and their default values.

If you run the tests against the zenoh router running in a Docker container, you need to add the
`-e tcp/localhost:7447` option to your examples. That's because Docker doesn't support UDP multicast
transport, and therefore the zenoh scouting and discrovery mechanism cannot work with.

## Examples description

### z_scout

Scouts for zenoh peers and routers available on the network.

Typical usage:

   ```bash
      python3 z_scout.py
   ```

### z_info

Gets information about the Zenoh session.

Typical usage:

   ```bash
      python3 z_info.py
   ```

### z_put

Puts a path/value into Zenoh.
The path/value will be received by all matching subscribers, for instance the [z_sub](#z_sub)
and [z_storage](#z_storage) examples.

Typical usage:

   ```bash
      python3 z_put.py
   ```

or

   ```bash
      python3 z_put.py -k demo/example/test -v 'Hello World'
   ```

### z_pub

Declares a resource with a path and a publisher on this resource. Then puts a value using the numerical resource id.
The path/value will be received by all matching subscribers, for instance the [z_sub](#z_sub)
and [z_storage](#z_storage) examples.

Typical usage:

   ```bash
      python3 z_pub.py
   ```

or

   ```bash
      python3 z_pub.py -k demo/example/test -v 'Hello World'
   ```

### z_sub

Creates a subscriber with a key expression.
The subscriber will be notified of each put made on any key expression matching
the subscriber's key expression, and will print this notification.

Typical usage:

   ```bash
      python3 z_sub.py
   ```

or

   ```bash
      python3 z_sub.py -k 'demo/**'
   ```

### z_get

Sends a query message for a selector.
The queryables with a matching path or selector (for instance [z_queryable](#z_queryable) and [z_storage](#z_storage))
will receive this query and reply with paths/values that will be received by the query callback.

Typical usage:

   ```bash
      python3 z_get.py
   ```

or

   ```bash
      python3 z_get.py -s 'demo/**'
   ```

### z_queryable

Creates a queryable function with a key expression.
This queryable function will be triggered by each call to a get operation on zenoh
with a selector that matches the key expression, and will return a value to the querier.

Typical usage:

   ```bash
      python3 z_queryable.py
   ```

or

   ```bash
      python3 z_queryable.py -k demo/example/queryable -v 'This is the result'
   ```

### z_storage

Trivial implementation of a storage in memory.
This examples creates a subscriber and a queryable on the same key expression.
The subscriber callback will store the received key/values in an hashmap.
The queryable callback will answer to queries with the key/values stored in the hashmap
and that match the queried selector.

Typical usage:

   ```bash
      python3 z_storage.py
   ```

or

   ```bash
      python3 z_storage.py -k 'demo/**'
   ```

### z_pub_thr & z_sub_thr

Pub/Sub throughput test.
This example allows to perform throughput measurements between a pubisher performing
put operations and a subscriber receiving notifications of those puts.

Typical Subscriber usage:

   ```bash
      python3 z_sub_thr.py
   ```

Typical Publisher usage:

   ```bash
      python3 z_pub_thr.py 1024
   ```

Commit message:

Add RingBuffer support in zenoh-python.
Signed-off-by: ChenYing Kuo <evshary@gmail.com>

examples/README.md, after:

# Zenoh Python examples

## Start instructions

   ```bash
   python3 <example.py>
   ```

Each example accepts the `-h` or `--help` option that provides a description of its arguments and their default values.

If you run the tests against the zenoh router running in a Docker container, you need to add the
`-e tcp/localhost:7447` option to your examples. That's because Docker doesn't support UDP multicast
transport, and therefore the zenoh scouting and discrovery mechanism cannot work with.

## Examples description

### z_scout

Scouts for zenoh peers and routers available on the network.

Typical usage:

   ```bash
      python3 z_scout.py
   ```

### z_info

Gets information about the Zenoh session.

Typical usage:

   ```bash
      python3 z_info.py
   ```

### z_put

Puts a path/value into Zenoh.
The path/value will be received by all matching subscribers, for instance the [z_sub](#z_sub)
and [z_storage](#z_storage) examples.

Typical usage:

   ```bash
      python3 z_put.py
   ```

or

   ```bash
      python3 z_put.py -k demo/example/test -v 'Hello World'
   ```

### z_pub

Declares a resource with a path and a publisher on this resource. Then puts a value using the numerical resource id.
The path/value will be received by all matching subscribers, for instance the [z_sub](#z_sub)
and [z_storage](#z_storage) examples.

Typical usage:

   ```bash
      python3 z_pub.py
   ```

or

   ```bash
      python3 z_pub.py -k demo/example/test -v 'Hello World'
   ```

### z_sub

Creates a subscriber with a key expression.
The subscriber will be notified of each put made on any key expression matching
the subscriber's key expression, and will print this notification.

Typical usage:

   ```bash
      python3 z_sub.py
   ```

or

   ```bash
      python3 z_sub.py -k 'demo/**'
   ```

### z_pull

Creates a subscriber with a key expression and using RingBuffer.
The subscriber will receive the last N messages matching the key
expression and will print the received key/value.

Typical usage:

   ```bash
      python3 z_pull.py
   ```

or

   ```bash
      python3 z_pull.py -k 'demo/**' --size 3 --interval 5
   ```

### z_get

Sends a query message for a selector.
The queryables with a matching path or selector (for instance [z_queryable](#z_queryable) and [z_storage](#z_storage))
will receive this query and reply with paths/values that will be received by the query callback.

Typical usage:

   ```bash
      python3 z_get.py
   ```

or

   ```bash
      python3 z_get.py -s 'demo/**'
   ```

### z_queryable

Creates a queryable function with a key expression.
This queryable function will be triggered by each call to a get operation on zenoh
with a selector that matches the key expression, and will return a value to the querier.

Typical usage:

   ```bash
      python3 z_queryable.py
   ```

or

   ```bash
      python3 z_queryable.py -k demo/example/queryable -v 'This is the result'
   ```

### z_storage

Trivial implementation of a storage in memory.
This examples creates a subscriber and a queryable on the same key expression.
The subscriber callback will store the received key/values in an hashmap.
The queryable callback will answer to queries with the key/values stored in the hashmap
and that match the queried selector.

Typical usage:

   ```bash
      python3 z_storage.py
   ```

or

   ```bash
      python3 z_storage.py -k 'demo/**'
   ```

### z_pub_thr & z_sub_thr

Pub/Sub throughput test.
This example allows to perform throughput measurements between a pubisher performing
put operations and a subscriber receiving notifications of those puts.

Typical Subscriber usage:

   ```bash
      python3 z_sub_thr.py
   ```

Typical Publisher usage:

   ```bash
      python3 z_pub_thr.py 1024
   ```
